---
organization: General Electric
titles:
  - title: Staff Software Engineer/Architect
    startDate: 'Sep 2015'
    endDate: 'Jun 2019'
    description: Worked on GE/Aviation projects as full stack developer
tags:
  - Predix
  - Docker
  - AWS
  - Azure
  - Golang
  - R/Shiny
  - AngularJS
  - Spring Framework
  - Java
  - REST
  - Ajax
  - Elastic Search
  - Postgres
  - JUnit
  - Sonar
  - Jasmine
---


* Led a team of over 12 engineers in the design, implementation, and release of [Flight Phase Analyzer](https://www.geaerospace.com/news/press-releases/services/flight-phase-analyzer-enables-deeper-insights-engine-performance) (Golang, R/Shiny,  Predix/Cloud Foundry PaaS platform).

* Helped build a strong productive team in various stages of hiring: screening, interviewing, on-boarding, and mentoring.

* Researched solutions for bringing R/Shiny applications to the Predix platform by overcoming its various constraints.

* Implemented Blobstore (AWS S3) service as R/Shiny filesystem service in order for R/Shiny apps developed on desktop to run AS IS on Predix cloud which helped reduce the migration cost to (almost) zero.

* Pioneered CI/CD solutions using github as replacement for artififactory and cross compile/generated Go artifacts for rapid deployment to Predix.

* Implemented parallel headless E2E test (Protractor/Jasmine) on VM/Docker container to reduce testing time from time in hours to time in minutes.

* Initiated and contributed to Goboot (Golang) open source to maximize code sharing

* Implemented Elastic Search clustering for media servers.

* Led the effort on Amazon AWS WebSocket/SAML migration and Box cloud storage integration.

* Managed Bamboo/Github and production releases.

* Was the first software engineer certified as Predix developer within the organization

